Your Majesty, what's going on?
Didn't you say that the two of them are from Kunlun Mountain?
Why can't I even fight overnight?
Have you practiced overnight?
That's impossible.
Unless there is a problem with the identities of these two people
The Kunlun lineage is based on martial arts
How can you not even beat an old milk rice?
It turned out to be two fakes.
No wonder I left Kunshan
Who dares to impersonate the identity of a Kunlun person?
As long as there are benefits
They are just two thugs
What are you afraid to do?
I spent a lot of money raising both of them
As for today
Count you
Ah, don't plan to deal with me anymore
Wrong, I just developed a love of money
Or I'll bring them both to you.
I'll give you both of them, one billion a year.
Add up 200 million all for you
Follow you
What are you?
You are too short
Lin Yi, how can you speak on your face?
Don't think you're a bit
You can do whatever you want.
I don't understand the strength of the Lei family at all
Don't be shameless.
300 million a year, all for you
Forestry 300 million a year
Don't talk about yourself
A lot of big companies don't make much money.
Boy Lei will give you this chance
You have to take up the kowtow as the master?
Kowtow
I, Lin, live in heaven and earth
With all enemies
He didn't even kneel down to heaven and earth
Only kneel down and worship your parents and teachers
He slashed ants
Say this to me
Faith I